Adding content for the "Contributing to Bartholomew" page (#84)
fermyon/bartholomew: docs/content/contributing.md

Also, when contributing, please ensure that you notice any unwritten conventions which are obvious. For example if an entire folder of images are named using underscores i.e. image_1.png, image_2.png ensure that you don't upload an image with a different format like Image3.png or image-4.png. The same applies for written code, keep an eye out for conventions such as camel case and so forth when creating new variables. This will surely make the collaboration process smoother and faster.

# Adding, commiting and pushing via GitHub

Once you are satisfied with your contribution, please ensure that your GitHub installation is configured sufficiently so that you can `--signoff` as part of the `git commit` command. For example, please ensure that the `user.name` and `user.email` are configured in your terminal. You can check if these are set by typing `git config --list`.

If you need to set these values please use the following commands.

```
git config user.name "yourname"
git config user.email "youremail@somemail.com"
```

## Add changes

> Move to a top level directory, underwhich your changes exist i.e. `cd ~/my_bartholomew_contribution/bartholomew`.

Reviewer: Total nit: US English almost always splits this.
```suggestion
Move to a top level directory, under which your changes exist i.e. `cd ~/my_bartholomew_contribution/bartholomew`.
```
